There was a man and a woman.
What did the man say?
Nothing.
The man and the woman were fine.
The man was in the mountains.
The woman was in the river.
A big peach came out.
The woman picked it up, put it in the pot and took it home.
The man said,
I want to know the reason.
It's Momotaro.
Do you know?
I don't know if you know.
I know because I heard it from the teacher at school.
It's a fairy tale written by a man named Ryosai.
Do you know why Momotaro went to the island?
I don't know.
I'll tell you the reason.
Listen to me.
Listen is a shame.
It's not for others.
It's for my child.
There's no shame.
Don't say that.
It's important.
It's not like a human being is born from a peach.
It's a story that's not for children.
The story of the Japanese
is that the father's grace is higher than the mountain.
The mother's grace is deeper than the sea.
The Japanese's best Kibi Dango is that
the Japanese's best Kimi-dango is that
you must not be the husband.
Take the dog and the monkey together.
This is also the reason.
The dog is like a snake,
but it will not be afraid to eat it.
Even if you kill your own body,
it will not be afraid to eat it.
The monkey is intelligent and
it is a sign of wisdom.
The place where the demon is hidden
is not a place where you can find it.
When you step into the world,
you will think of others as demons.
When you enter the demon,
you will be in the world.
I heard that you must be the best Kibi-dango in Japan.
This is a story that will be a lesson for children.
Father, father, father.
You fell asleep.
Your father is sleeping in the bed.
Thank you for your viewing.